# V3.31.0 Release Note

### Feature

- [Feature] When editing a flow, entering "$" can quickly reference a created variable, and display it as tags for easy reference and identification.

### Improved

- [Improved] Remove the feature "Variable Rendering-free"  and limit the scope of global variables. No longer support referencing global variables in scripts, please use script parameters to pass them in.

- [Improved] Adjusted the logic of the Failure Processing options for nodes, Auto Skip and Manual Skip are no longer supported to be selected at the same time.

- [Improved] For node input and output variables, when all sources cancel use the variable, the variable is automatically deleted.

- [Improved] Optimized the sub-flow node details, allowing the input parameters and internal details of the sub-flow node to be displayed simultaneously in a single interface.

- [Improved] Task status can be filter by Failed, Running, and Paused.

- [Improved] Tasks only display history from the past half-year to save storage(admin can set it by change environment variables).

- [Improved] Optimized the "NodeMan New Task" plugin, removing unnecessary options for install and reinstall operations; added configuration reload and restart operations.

- [Improved] Optimized text input interaction, adding length limitations and prompts.

### Fixed

- [Fixed] Fixed the issue that the "Modified At" column do not refresh when modify cron tasks.

- [Fixed] Fixed the issue when renaming a node-group resulted in an error.

- [Fixed] Fixed the issue that the agent of task was incorrect.

- [Fixed] Fixed the issue that the last selected node was not remembered when redo task.

- [Fixed] Fixed the issue that tasks could not be terminated when sub-flow were paused.

- [Fixed] Fixed the issue that the node input variables of sub-flow nodes do not display.

- [Fixed] Fixed the issue that the "Set Resource Filter" variable displayed "NaN" when the number of clusters entered was not a number.

- [Fixed] Fixed the issue that the "Set Module IP Selector" variable could display IP lists even if the service template did not exist.

- [Fixed] Fixed the issue that the results of the "IP Selector" variable were not correct when the selected cluster/module was removed from CMDB.

- [Fixed] Fixed the issue that the "CMDB UPdate Set Attribute" plugin was not available due to parameter passing errors.

- [Fixed] Fixed the issue that the "BKMonitor BlueKing Monitor Alarm Shield (Based on Strategy)" plugin do not display exceptions when run failed.

- [Fixed] Fixed the issue that the error message was not user-friendly when calling the "create_task" API with insufficient permissions.

- [Fixed] Fixed the issue that the option was still switched even when the user cancelled the switch .
